FUNCTIONAL REQUIREMENT - 

FR 1 - 
		TITLE : SELECTON OF MODE 
		INPUT : User's choice from the given options of mode.
		OUTPUT : opening the required application. 
		DESC. :There shall  be two modes for emotion detection in this app vis. imotion detection from image or real time detection using front 	
			   camera. The user shall be able to choose between the modes. 
			   Further navigation of the app depends on the user's choice here. 

		RAT. : In order to provide option to choos between modes.
		DEP : 

FR 2 - 

		TITLE : IMAGE SELECTION
		INPUT : stored images
		OUTPUT : selected image
		DESC. : If the user chooses for emotion detection from an already saved image, she shall be able to select an image from those stored in the device. 
		RAT : In order to facilitate image selection be the user.
		DEP : FR 1 

FR 3  - 
		TITLE : Seeking confirmation for image
		INPUT : Detected face
		OUTPUT : User's decision.
		DESC : After the user selected an image from all the stored images, she shall be able to verify by looking at the detected face, whether this is the face she intend to use for analysis. 
		RAT : verifying if the detected face is correct.
		DEP : FR 2 , FR 1

FR 4 - 
		TITLE : Emotion Detection from image
		INPUT : Detected face
		OUTPUT : calculated emotion
		DESC : If the detected face is confirmed by the user, It's emotion shall be calculated and shown in decreasing order of the accuracy of the 
			   calculated emotion.
		RAT : Displaying the results.
		DEP : FR 3 , FR 2 , FR 1

FR 5 -  TITLE : Exit option for image detection mode
		INPUT : User's choice to exit
		OUTPUT: Directing user to beginnning
		DESC: If user has seen the results, user shall be able to exit the mode. User shall be able to either change the mode or choose another in the same mode to continue emotion detection.User may even opt to leave the application.
		RAT: in order to provide usr option to exit.
		DEP : FR 1


FR 6  - 
		TITLE : Seeking confirmation for correctness of detected face in real time
		INPUT : Detected face
		OUTPUT : User's decision.
		DESC :  If the user chooses for real time emotion detection then she shall be able to verify if the detected faces in the recorded video from front camera is correct or not. She can proceed further if everything is correct. 
		RAT : verifying if the detected face is correct.
		DEP : FR 1


FR 7 - 
		TITLE : Real time emotion detection
		INPUT : Detected face
		OUTPUT : calculated emotion
		DESC : If the detected face is confirmed by the user, It's emotion shall be calculated and shown in decreasing order of the accuracy of the calculated emotion . If the user changes her facial expression output should change dynamically according to her expression. 
		RAT : Displaying the results for real time emotion detection.
		DEP : FR 6, FR 1

FR 8 -  TITLE : Exit option for real time emotion detection mode
		INPUT : User's choice to exit
		OUTPUT: Directing user to beginning
		DESC: If user has seen the results, user shall be able to exit the mode. User shall be able change the mode. User may even opt to leave the application.
		RAT: in order to provide user option to exit.
		DEP : FR 1







































		










