
SOFTWARE REQUIREMENT SPECIFICATION 


BASIC RAW INFORMATION TO WRITE SRS
******* 
  Select photo from gallery
  option to choose other photo or start analysis
  real time emotion detection
  analysis of emotion
  detection of multiple faces and asking to go back
  face detection
  detection of specific points on face
  stop
*******


3.1 EXTERNAL INTERFACE REQUIREMENTS

This section provides a detailed description of all inputs into and outputs from the system. It also gives a
description of the hardware, software and communication interfaces and provides basic prototypes of the
user interface.
	
	3.1.1 USER INTERFACE-
As the user opens the app on her smart phone, she is prompted with two options on the first screen; 
vis. "choose an image from the gallery" and "detect your emotion", with a button corresponding to each one.

case 1-

If the user opts to choose an image from the gallery, the phone gallery gets opened and the user
can select one picture(max). If there are more than one faces in the picture, a prompt appears on 
the screen asking the user to change her preference. else, the selected photo gets loaded on the next 
screen (circular image on top middle). The user clicks "go" and the emotion associated with the selected 
image is detected and displayed on the screen.

case 2- 

User selects the second option and goes for real time emotion detection. Here, when the user 
clicks on the second button, front camera of the phone opens up and the user can see her emotion
being detected. This is noticed from the imoji of the associated becoming bigger and occupying the bottom of the screen.

The user can opt out of the app anytime by clicking on the red cross marked button on the top right of the screen. 

	3.1.2 HARDWARE INTERFACE REQUIREMEMTS
The following app has being designed for android phones (android 4.1+), having front camera of atleast 2 MP. 
There is as such no more hardware requirements; the real time detection is managed by the internal camera of 
the smart phone whereas the static image detection is managed by the gallery in the phone.


3.6 SOFTWARE SYSTEM ATTRIBUTES

	3.6.1 RELIABILITY

The following application is designed to be built and deployed on android platform, and will reliably run on
any android phone with android version above 4.1.The reliability of the app in emotion detection will depend 
primarily on the vastness of the training data, a requirement that needs to be taken care of on the developer
side while working on the project 


	3.6.2 AVAILABILITY

The application will be available for download on the google play store and will run 24*7 with or without internt connection.

	3.6.3 SECURITY 

Users of the app can in no way see the emotion results of other users without their prior knowledge and permission.
(__ sharing __ discuss later)  
	
	3.6.4 MAINTAINABILITY

Maintenance is one form of change that typically is done after the software development has been completed.
As the time changes, so do the needs. This application needs a timely updation of the expression and face
database suiting to the location where the app is intended to be used, and so the database needs to be expanded 
upon every updation of the app.As an example, for the app to show best results in emotion detection, training 
data comprising of faces from different parts of the world is needed, so as to facilitate better detection.
All this maintenence will be timely done on subsequent updations of the app by the admin.

	3.6.5 PORTABILITY

Since the app is built for portable android phones, it is freely portable and needs no re-download or update if 
it is to be used from some different location of the world.Also, the app can be freely transferred from one device 
to another, given that the other device complies to the hardware and software requirements as specified in section___.


FUNCTIONAL REQUIREMENT - 

FR 1 - 
		TITLE : SELECTON OF MODE 
		INPUT : User's choice from the given options of mode.
		OUTPUT : opening the required application. 
		DESC. :There shall  be two modes for emotion detection in this app vis. imotion detection from image or real time detection using front 	
			   camera. The user shall be able to choose between the modes. 
			   Further navigation of the app depends on the user's choice here. 

		RAT. : In order to provide option to choos between modes.
		DEP : 

FR 2 - 

		TITLE : IMAGE SELECTION
		INPUT : stored images
		OUTPUT : selected image
		DESC. : If the user chooses for emotion detection from an already saved image, she shall be able to select an image from those stored in the device. 
		RAT : In order to facilitate image selection be the user.
		DEP : FR 1 

FR 3  - 
		TITLE : Seeking confirmation for image
		INPUT : Detected face
		OUTPUT : User's decision.
		DESC : After the user selected an image from all the stored images, she shall be able to verify by looking at the detected face, whether this is the face she intend to use for analysis. 
		RAT : verifying if the detected face is correct.
		DEP : FR 2 , FR 1

FR 4 - 
		TITLE : Emotion Detection from image
		INPUT : Detected face
		OUTPUT : calculated emotion
		DESC : If the detected face is confirmed by the user, It's emotion shall be calculated and shown in decreasing order of the accuracy of the 
			   calculated emotion.
		RAT : Displaying the results.
		DEP : FR 3 , FR 2 , FR 1

FR 5 -  
	
		TITLE : Exit option for image detection mode
		INPUT : User's choice to exit
		OUTPUT: Directing user to beginnning
		DESC: If user has seen the results, user shall be able to exit the mode. User shall be able to either change the mode or choose another in the same mode to continue emotion detection.User may even opt to leave the application.
		RAT: in order to provide usr option to exit.
		DEP : FR 1


FR 6  - 
		TITLE : Seeking confirmation for correctness of detected face in real time
		INPUT : Detected face
		OUTPUT : User's decision.
		DESC :  If the user chooses for real time emotion detection then she shall be able to verify if the detected faces in the recorded video from front camera is correct or not. She can proceed further if everything is correct. 
		RAT : verifying if the detected face is correct.
		DEP : FR 1


FR 7 - 
		TITLE : Real time emotion detection
		INPUT : Detected face
		OUTPUT : calculated emotion
		DESC : If the detected face is confirmed by the user, It's emotion shall be calculated and shown in decreasing order of the accuracy of the calculated emotion . If the user changes her facial expression output should change dynamically according to her expression. 
		RAT : Displaying the results for real time emotion detection.
		DEP : FR 6, FR 1

FR 8 -  

		TITLE : Exit option for real time emotion detection mode
		INPUT : User's choice to exit
		OUTPUT: Directing user to beginning
		DESC: If user has seen the results, user shall be able to exit the mode. User shall be able change the mode. User may even opt to leave the application.
		RAT: in order to provide user option to exit.
		DEP : FR 1







































		














